RHIDP-12611: Document the RHDH must-gather tool for diagnostics data collection (#2151)
redhat-developer/red-hat-developers-documentation-rhdh: modules/support_diagnostic-data-collection/con-diagnostic-data-collection-for-support-cases.adoc

Unlike generic must-gather tools, the {product-very-short} must-gather tool includes collectors specific to {product-very-short} components, such as Helm release data, Operator custom resources, Orchestrator workflows, and {backstage} configurations.

The tool integrates with the {ocp-short} `must-gather` framework on {ocp-short} clusters, enabling familiar workflows for platform administrators.
On Kubernetes platforms, it deploys as a Helm chart that runs a collection job and packages the results for download.
Both methods offer the same comprehensive data collection capabilities, ensuring consistent diagnostic information regardless of platform.

You can use the {product-very-short} must-gather tool in several scenarios:

* When preparing to open a support case with {company-name} Global Support Services.
* When troubleshooting production incidents that require detailed diagnostic information.
* When conducting proactive health checks and configuration validation.
* When debugging deployment issues in development or staging environments.

> You can obtain the container image from `quay.io/rhdh-community/rhdh-must-gather`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can obtain the container image from `registry.access.redhat.com/rhdh/rhdh-must-gather-rhel9`.
```

Note that when 1.10 will be out, the TP image will be available at `registry.access.redhat.com/rhdh/rhdh-must-gather-rhel9` instead, and this is what we should mention in the product docs.
Community builds of the must-gather image will continue to be pushed to `quay.io/rhdh-community/rhdh-must-gather`.

> Use an image version that matches your {product-very-short} deployment version to ensure compatibility with your deployment method and platform.

Reviewer: I would remove this sentence or rephrase it. The goal of the must-gather image is to collect diagnostic data for any RHDH instances running in the cluster, regardless of their version. So my recommendation would be to always run the latest must-gather image. The version could be helpful but should not matter IMO.
